Scenario Name : Default Login Success
Participating Actor Instances : Logan : User
Flow Of Events : 
1) Logan opens up his computer. After he logged to his computer using Windows operating
system . 
2) After he logged on, he opens his browser, writes the World Wide Donation Manager's url to browser's searchbox and enters the web site of the World Wide Donation.
3) Since Logan entered the web site of World Wide Donation System's web site Logan decides to log-in.  
4) Logan clicks to log-in button which is located upper-right area of the main website. Since he didn't logged on to system yet so when he clicked to login button, WWDS displays "login form".
5) To login Logan needs to enter his username and password. After he entered credentials, system checks Logan's credentials.
6) Since Logan singed-on to the system before, Logan will be login to system. 


Scenario Name : Default Login Failure
Participating Actor Instances : Laura : User
Flow Of Events : 
 1) Laura opens up his computer. After he logged to his computer using Windows operating
system .
2) After he Laura on, he opens his browser, writes the World Wide Donation Manager's url to browser's searchbox and enters the web site of the World Wide Donation.
3) Since Laura entered the web site of World Wide Donation System's web site. Laura decides to log-in.  
4) Laura selects "log-in" which is located upper-right area of the main website. Since she didn't logged on to system yet so when she selects "log-in", WWDS will display "log-in" form .
5) To login Laura need to enters his username and password. After she entered her credentials, system check her credentials. 
6) Since Laura didn't singed-on to the system before, Laura won't going to login to the system.

Scenario Name : Login Crash Failure
Participating Actor Instances : Dennis : User
Flow Of Events : 
 1) Dennis opens up his computer. After he logged to his computer using Windows operating
system .
2) After he Dennis on, he opens his browser, writes the World Wide Donation Manager's url to browser's searchbox and enters the web site of the World Wide Donation.
3) Since Dennis entered the web site of World Wide Donation System's web site. Dennis decides to log-in.  
4) Dennis clicks to log-in button which is located upper-right area of the main website. Since he didn't logged on to system yet so when he selected "log-in", WWDS will display "log-in" form.
5) While Dennis entering his username, either website or computer or browser crashed.
6) Dennis has to do whole process from the beginning.


Scenario Name : Directed Login
Participating Actor Instances : Elizabeth : User
Flow Of Events : 
1) Elizabeth opens up his computer. After he logged to his computer using Windows                    operating system .
2) After he Elizabeth on, he opens his browser, writes the World Wide Donation Manager's url to browser's searchbox and enters the web site of the World Wide Donation.
3) Since Elizabeth entered the web site of World Wide Donation System's web site. Elizabeth decides to check out new project.  
4) While Elizabeth checking out, Elizabeth visits a project page. 
5) After Elizabeth visits a project page, she decides to donate to the project.
6) Since Elizabeth didn't logged in to the system, WWDS system displays "log-in" form.
7) Elizabeth either login to the WWDS system or Elizabeth needs to be sign-in to the system to able to log-in to WWDS system.

 Scenario Name : Successful Edit
Participating Actor Instances : Jane : User
                                                 Adam : Admin
Flow Of Events : 
 1) Jane opens up his computer. 
2) She opens his browser, writes the World Wide Donation Manager's url to browser's searchbox and enters the web site of the World Wide Donation.
3) Since Jane entered the web site of World Wide Donation System's web site. Jane decides to login
4)  After Jane logged in, "My Profile" option will appear.
5) Jane selects "My Profile"
6) After Jane clicks on "My Profile", she is directed to her profile page. In her profile page, she can view her "ongoing dontaions", "completed donations", "Projects" and "Profile Settings"
7) Jane clicks on "My Projects" and opens "My Projects" page.
8) In "My Projects" page, WWDS shows lists of her projects. 
9) Jane selects one of her projects.
10) She has chosen one of her project called "Earthquake Funding". Then she visits to project page.
11) In her project page, there will be "Project Description", "Photo of the Project", "Items Needed For The Project" and below there is "Edit Project".
12) Jane clicks the "Edit Project". "Project Description","Photo of the Project", "Items Needed For The Project" are become editable. Lastly "save project" option will appear.
13) Jane decides to change the "Profile Photo of the Project". 
14) After she made the change, she selects "save edit". 
16) New page send to admin. Admin checks the page. Admin approves the page.
15) Page refresh. Editing become not-editable, "save edit" disappears and "edit project" appears. 

Scenario Name : Failure Edit
Participating Actor Instances : Kim : User
                                                 Ben : Admin
Flow Of Events : 
 1) Kim opens up his computer. 
2) Kim writes the World Wide Donation Manager's url to browser's searchbox and enters the web site of the World Wide Donation.
3) After Kim entered the web site of World Wide Donation System's web site. Kim decides to login
4)  After Kim logged "My Profile" option will appear.
5) Kim clicks on "My Profile"
6) After Kim clicks on "My Profile", he will be directed to his account page. Kim can view  "ongoing dontaions", "completed donations", "Projects" and "Profile Settings" options.
7) Kim clicks on "Projects" and opens "Projects" page.
8) In "Projects" page, WWDS will list Kim's projects projects. 
9) Kim selects one of his projects.
10) He has chosen one of her project called "Flood Disaster Funding". Then he visits to project page.
11) In his project page, there are "Project Description", "Photo of the Project", "Items Needed For The Project" and below there is "Edit Project"
12) Kim clicks the "Edit Project". "Project Description","Photo of the Project", "Items Needed For The Project" are become editable. Also save project button below will appear.
13) Kim decides to change the "project description". 
14) After he made the change, he clicks on "save edit". 
16) New page send to Ben. Ben checks the page. Ben didn't approve the page.
15) Project page refresh. Error message send by Ben to project page.

      
Scenario Name : Cancel Edit
Participating Actor Instances : Albert : User
                                                
Flow Of Events : 
 1) Albert opens up his computer. 
2) He opens his browser, writes the World Wide Donation Manager's url to browser's searchbox and enters the web site of the World Wide Donation.
3) Since Albert entered the web site of World Wide Donation System's web site. Albert decides to login.
4)  After Albert logged in "My Profile" option appears.
5) Albert selects "My Profile"
6) After Albert clicks on "My Account", he is directed to her account page. In his profile page he can see "ongoing dontaions", "completed donations", "Projects" and "Profile Settings" options to be selected by him.
7) Albert clicks on "Projects" and opens "Projects" page.     
8) In "Projects" page, WWDS list of Albert's projects. 
9) Kim selects one of his projects.
10) He has chosen one of his project called "Powerplant Aftermath Funding". Then he visits to project page.
11) In his project page, there are "Project Description", "Photo of the Project", "Items Needed For The Project" and "Edit Project" sections.
12) Albert clicks the "Edit Project". "Project Description","Photo of the Project", "Items Needed For The Project" are become editable. Also "save project" and "Cancel Edit" options will appear.
13) Albert decides to click "Cancel Edit".
14) Returns to project page.
 
 
 Scenario Name : Display Started Projects
Participating Actor Instances : Dan : User
                                                 
Flow Of Events : 
 1) Dan opens up his computer.
2)  He opens his browser, writes the World Wide Donation Manager's url to browser's searchbox and enters the web site of the World Wide Donation.
3)  Fater Dan entered the web site of World Wide Donation System's web site. Dan decides to login
4)  After Dan logged in "My Profile" appears.  
5) Dan clicks on "My Profile"
6) After Dan clicks on "My Account", she is directed to her account page. Dan will see "ongoing dontaions", "completed donations", "Projects" and "Profile Settings" options in his profile page.
7) Dan clicks on "Projects" and opens "Projects" page.            
8) In "My Projects" page, WWDS there list Dan's projects. 
